New CreateEdit documentation (#7424)
marmelab/react-admin: docs/useCreateController.md

---
layout: default
title: "The useCreateController hook"
---

# `useCreateController`

> The `useCreateController` hook contains the logic of [the `<Create>` component](./Create.md): it prepares a form submit handler, and returns the data and callbacks necessary to render an Createion view. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `useCreateController` hook contains the logic of [the `<Create>` component](./Create.md): it prepares a form submit handler, and returns the data and callbacks necessary to render a Creation view. 
```

> React-admin calls `useCreateController` internally when you use the `<Create>`, `<CreateBase>`, or `<CreateGuesser>` component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
React-admin calls `useCreateController` internally, when you use the `<Create>`, or `<CreateBase>` component.
```
